Add how to find dependencies on a package (#183)
pharo-open-documentation/pharo-wiki: General/CoolSnippets.md

```
#yourself implementors
```

## Find dependencies on a package

> In Pharo it is easilly possible to find the dependencies of one package through the `Dependency Analyzer`, but there is not tool to browse the dependencies *on* one package. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Pharo it is easy to find the dependencies of one package through the `Dependency Analyzer`, but there is not tool to browse the dependencies *on* a single package. 
```
